# Lockdown Essential services

Lockdown Essential services allows people to,

1. Book slots for travel for essential services during lockdown

2. Act as a distribution platform of essential service during lockdown

# Description / Motivation

We have seen a lot of cases of clashes between people and the police
during the lockdown due to COVID19 spread. Heated arguments and
sometimes even physical assault, in places this has even led to the
death of the people involved. This happens due to the confusion
created by the tense situation.

We plan in creating a system, which can,

## 1. Book slots for travel for essential services during lockdown

a) Where government agencies will be able to access and
administrator interface for areas and approve travel request by
people, based on the description time, relevancy of the travel request
and travel history.

b) Where the common people will be able to sign up and create
travel requests for the next day or the next slot. This can facilitate
smoother public movement in this lockdown, without creating panic, and
also avoiding physical contact at the checkposts, which is otherwise a
fertile land for COVID19 spread.

## 2. Act as a distribution platform of essential service during lockdown

a) There may be certain areas in the country where total restriction
in movement has to be imposed. But at the same time distribution of
food, medicine has to still go on at a time when civilians have
restrictions in movement.

b) With the app people will be able to place requests for food,
grocery, milk and medicinal supplies. This information will be
aggregated by residents associations or local administration, which
then can take adequate action to distribute goods and services to
houses of the people. This may be done contactlessly.

# Getting started
## Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a
development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it
for a little demo

## 

# Contributors / Author

*Add your name at end*

1. Dr. Anoop Jacob Thomas, Assistant Professor, Department of Computer
Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Information Technology
Tiruchirappalli
